docs: add step-by-step contribution guide (#24987)
renovatebot/renovate: .github/contributing.md

# Contributing to Renovate

Thank you for considering contributing to Renovate.
We appreciate your help!
Read this guide to get started, and to make sure your contributions are effective.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Read the [prerequisites](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/docs/development/local-development.md#prerequisites) section of the local development docs.

### Setting up the development environment

Read the [Fork and Clone section](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/docs/development/local-development.md#fork-and-clone) of the local development docs.

## Submitting Changes

If you've never worked with Git before, please read chapter one, two and three of the [ProGit 2 book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) first.

Then read [ProGit 2, chapter 6.2 GitHub - Contributing to a Project].

> 

Reviewer: We host this project on _Git_ Hub, I don't think we need to go this far down the stack. Else you could also argue we need to start explaining the english language, use of computers, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Let's get rid of this then. 😄

# Contributing to Renovate

> Thank you for considering contributing to our Renovate App. Your help is greatly appreciated! This guide will help you get started and ensure that your contributions are effective.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thank you for considering contributing to Renovate.
We appreciate your help!
Read this guide to get started, and to make sure your contributions are effective.
```

2. **Clone Your Fork**: Clone the forked repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/renovate.git

3. **Navigate to the Project Directory**:
   ```bash
   cd renovate

4. **Install Dependencies: Install the project dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pnpm install

5. **Start the Local Development Server:**
   tO setup your local workstation correctly read [docs/development/local-development.md](../docs/development/local-development.md).

## Submitting Changes

1. **Create a New Branch: Create a new branch for your changes:**
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/my-feature

2. **git add :**
   ```bash
      git add .

3. **Make and Commit Changes:** Make your changes and commit them with descriptive messages.
   ```bash
      git commit -m "your-feature-message"

4. **Push Changes:** Push your changes to your GitHub fork:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/my-feature

5. **Open a Pull Request:** Open a pull request on the main repository with a clear title and description of your changes.

> ## Review Process
> 
> The maintainers will review your pull request and may request changes or provide feedback.
> 
> Once your changes are approved, they will be merged into the main branch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We already have information about reviewing incoming PRs, and behavior rules: https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/6aaf8df9f2aab12ad1124ca5dd52f3dac1a65f07/.github/contributing.md?plain=1#L24-L74
